Update CHANGELOG.md (#3048)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* **New Resource:** google_apigee_instance ([#2986](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/2986))

IMPROVEMENTS:
* cloudrun: suppressed metadata.labels["cloud.googleapis.com/location"] value in `google_cloud_run_service` ([#3005](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3005))
* compute: added `mtu` field to `google_compute_interconnect_attachment` ([#3006](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3006))
* compute: added autoscaling_policy.cpu_utilization.predictive_method field to `google_compute_autoscaler` and `google_compute_region_autoscaler` ([#2987](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/2987))
* compute: added support for `nic_type` to `google_compute_instance` (GA only) ([#2998](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/2998))
* compute: fixed perma-diff for cos-family disk images ([#3024](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3024))
* compute: Fixed service account scope alias to be updated. ([#3021](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3021))

> * container: fixed container cluster not removed from the state when received 404 error on delete call for the resource `google_container_cluster` ([#3018](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3018))

Reviewer: I believe these are considered bug fixes (their tracking issue was a bug)

* container: added field `ephemeral_storage_config` to resource `google_container_node_pool` and `google_container_cluster` (beta) ([#3023](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3023))

> * datafusion : new instance type added for the resource `google_data_fusion_instance` ([#3015](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3015))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* datafusion : added support for the `DEVELOPER` instance type to `google_data_fusion_instance` ([#3015](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3015))
```
